I"<p>Product Manager
Everhard Industries Pty Ltd
Brisbane
CBD &amp; Inner Suburbs
Sales
New Business Development
Full Time
Posted 
2h ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for this job
Save job
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Job description
Everhard Industries is an Australian family-owned private company and a market leader in the manufacture and supply of quality products to the Building and Plumbing Industry. We are passionate about keeping Australian manufacturing strong as we work to expand our precast and plastics factories and strengthen our national footprint. Everhard is looking for people with a desire to contribute to the success of a growing business with a strong team culture.
Everhard is seeking a dynamic and energetic Product Manager to project manage the introduction of new products from conception to the market, including collaboration with merchant, end user customers, and Everhard Industry Subject Matter Experts.  The Product manager will also support Existing Everhard products, teams, projects, processes and brand, through business analysis, administration and process implementation.  
 
The Key Responsibilities will include:
Leading the product trend analysis, product ideation and concept development process, utilising internal process and in conjunction with the engineering, marketing and sales teams
Liaising with the National Market Development Manager, Engineering and  Marketing Teams on product development programs, ensuring resources, information and market data are available as required to achieve the desired results in product development, product launches and promotion campaigns
Establishing and maintaining a strong working network with industry associations, merchants, technical experts, production and specification personnel who operate in the industry for the purpose of focus groups and testing of concepts or product
Assisting the National Market Development Manager and the Marketing Manager in establishing, implementing and communicating the company’s marketing plans by market segment and product
Project manage and conduct reviews, extension and rationalisation of ranges as required
Providing product training to the sales teams to ensure the sales and marketing aids and training programs are developed and available to sales personnel 
 
The successful applicant will require the following experience: 
Experience in the water management, plumbing, construction, hardware or manufacturing industry
Strong business acumen, and the ability to provide high level service in person, on the phone and via email
A proven ability to build and maintain strong, long lasting relationships with both internal and external stakeholders
Experience in dealing with business owners and / or corporate management
Project management experience
Previous experience in sales or customer service
Ability to utilise CRM and KPI performance initiatives and reports
Excellent time management &amp; organisation skills
Relevant tertiary or similar qualification.
If you believe you can meet the above criteria, we would love to hear from you.
Due to the high volume of applications and enquiries, we are only able to respond to shortlisted candidates.
Unfortunately applicants on working Visas or seeking sponsorship will not be considered.
Everhard Industries are an equal opportunity employer, supporting gender equality and workplace diversity.
 
 
 
Role requirements
Your application will include the following questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
How many years' experience do you have as a product manager?
Do you have experience in a role which requires relationship management experience?
What's your expected annual base salary?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself</p>

<p>here
.
Report this job ad</p>

<p>Apply for this job
Save job</p>
:ET